Ranking & Social Graph API reference (#27)
likecoin/docs: developer/likenft/reference.md

      "uri": "https://api.like.co/likernft/metadata?iscn_id=iscn%3A%2F%2Flikecoin-chain%2FIKI9PueuJiOsYvhN6z9jPJIm3UGMh17BQ3tEwEzslQo%2F3",
      "uri_hash": "",
      "config": {
        "burnable": false,
        "max_supply": "0",
        "blind_box_config": null
      },
      "metadata": {
        "url": "https://ckxpress.com/nft-immigrant-to-native/",
        "name": "分散式出版 DePub 的發展路徑，NFT 從移民到原住民",
        "@type": "Article",
        "image": "ar://_GJD1gNuIqXicYNWce__4B8Qqg5tN8FBRSUCXR8kuJE",
        "version": 1,
        "@context": "http://schema.org/",
        "keywords": "DePub,LikeCoin,nft,Numbers",
        "usageInfo": "",
        "description": "...",
        "nft_meta_collection_id": "likerland_writing_nft",
        "nft_meta_collection_name": "Writing NFT",
        "nft_meta_collection_descrption": "Writing NFT by Liker Land"
      },
      "parent": {
        "type": "ISCN",
        "iscn_id_prefix": "iscn://likecoin-chain/IKI9PueuJiOsYvhN6z9jPJIm3UGMh17BQ3tEwEzslQo",
        "account": ""
      },
      "price": 0,
      "created_at": "2022-08-01T06:33:21Z",
      "sold_count": 171
    }
  ],
  "pagination": {
    "count": 1
  }
}

```

> *Note: because only api-public knows the price. `price` in the response is always 0*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Note: Currently only like.co API can report the latest price. `price` in the response is always 0. Please refer to like.co API documentation for price information*
```

### Example UI

https://lancatlin.github.io/likenft-ranking/ 

> [source code](https://github.com/lancatlin/likenft-ranking)

Reviewer: Now we merged them into one, please put one `Example UI` in the last section instead of one for each

| **creator** | `like13f4glvg80zvfrrs7utft5p68pct4mcq7t5atf6` | Required. Account address of ISCN owner |
| limit       | `100`                                         | Max: 100                                |
| offset      | `200`                                         | Offset of response                      |

### Get Creators

`/likechain/likenft/v1/creator`

| Param         | Example                                       | Description                            |
| ---           | ---                                           | ---                                    |
| **collector** | `like13f4glvg80zvfrrs7utft5p68pct4mcq7t5atf6` | Required. Account address of NFT owner |
| limit         | `100`                                         | Max: 100                               |
| offset        | `200`                                         | Offset of response                     |

Result is order by count of NFT collections.

### Example Response

`/likechain/likenft/v1/collector?creator=like13f4glvg80zvfrrs7utft5p68pct4mcq7t5atf6`

```json
{
  "collectors": [
    {

>       "account": "like17m4vwrnhjmd20uu7tst7nv0kap6ee7js69jfrs",             // This one is API wallet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      "account": "like17m4vwrnhjmd20uu7tst7nv0kap6ee7js69jfrs",             // The like.co NFT sales API wallet
```
